Projects documentation (#390)
SuperDARN/rst: docs/dev/projects.md

# GitHub Projects

> [Projects on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/about-project-boards) is an easy way to organize task for a general or specific project/feature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Projects on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/about-project-boards) are an easy way to organize task for a general or specific project/feature. 
```

If an [issue](issue.md) and/or [pull request](pull_request.md) is made you can add the project on the right side column and will be placed in the one of the columns in the project. 

Other useful features of projects is [progress tracking](https://docs.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/tracking-progress-on-your-project-board), as cards, issues, and pull requests are opened and closed/merged they will be moved alone the columns in the project which will show up in the progress bar. This is very helpful for specific project boards for features or have a set goal. 

## General Project

Some projects can be open ended for easy organization for users to focus their attention on things. Examples are:

- Bugs 
- Documentation 
- Best practices 

> By assigning projects to issues and pull requests means user's can organize issues and pull requests by that project. Thus it is help for others to assign projects so they can focus on them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By assigning projects to issues and pull requests, users can organize issues and pull requests by that project. Thus it is helpful for others to assign projects so they can focus on them.
```
